c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\Jensen_EHInterview.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\Jensen_EHInterview.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\Bottles.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuCore.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuLocalization.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.Assets.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.View.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.JQueryUI.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Media.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Navigation.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.SlickGrid.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Spark.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.StructureMap.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.TwitterBootstrap.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\HtmlTags.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\Spark.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\Bottles.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuCore.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuLocalization.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.Assets.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.UI.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Core.View.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Diagnostics.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.JQueryUI.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Media.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Navigation.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.SlickGrid.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.Spark.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\FubuMVC.TwitterBootstrap.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\HtmlTags.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\HtmlTags.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\obj\Debug\Jensen_EHInterview.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\obj\Debug\Jensen_EHInterview.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\obj\Debug\Jensen_EHInterview.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jensen_EHInterview\Jensen_EHInterview\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
